# Draw A Box

Topic: Sketching (../Topics/Sketching%20113a1339f88a804ba7f4e9f7c72403bc.md)
Tasks Complete Percent: 0.3333333333333333
Tasks: DAB: Lesson 1 (../Tasks/DAB%20Lesson%201%20113a1339f88a80728653e8327b015019.md), dab: Lesson 2 (../Tasks/dab%20Lesson%202%202f6a1339f88a80128e36c993d9bc0777.md), Untitled (../Tasks/Untitled%202f6a1339f88a80019ce5ea953b87573f.md)
Is Active: No
Topic Group: https://www.notion.so/188a1339f88a8069beafe32e3ea5301a

# Exercise Pool

> Whenever we complete a lesson or challenge, the exercises from that lesson goes into a "pool" of warmup exercises, and at the beginning of each sitting, **we randomly pick 2 or 3 of those exercises to do for 10-15 minutes**
> 

[DAB exercise](Draw%20A%20Box/DAB%20exercise%20113a1339f88a808082cbf141db047239.csv)

---

# 50% Rule

### Study

• At *most*, half of your time spent drawing can be used for studying. This includes your Drawabox homework assignments, work from other courses, as well as self-driven studies or exercises. Basically this half will include anything you draw **with the intent of improving or learning**.

### Play

• At *least* half of your time drawing must be spent on doing it for its own sake. Play. Exploration. Pushing boundaries. **As explained above, many of you will not find this enjoyable**. The intent is not to have fun — the intent is to develop your capacity to enjoy things that don't result in something that looks nice, or that otherwise helps develop your technical skills.

**Can I use reference during the 50% rule time?**

- **If the motivation behind it is *fear*, then no. Face your fear, draw it without reference**.
- Just make sure that what you're drawing is not in its entirety, just a copy of a reference image. That would be a *study*, and would fall into the study portion of the 50% rule.
    
    ---
    

# Materials

0.5 fineliner