# Hold me Tight

<aside>
💡 **Notion Tip:** Use this page to keep track of all your notes and highlights. You can also reference other Notion pages by typing the `[[` command. Learn more [here](https://www.notion.so/help/create-links-and-backlinks).

</aside>

[https://www.notion.so](https://www.notion.so)

## Notes

- Love is a requirement for our life. As a child we need love from our families: children taken from their parents grew seemilgly more independant, but in reality are frozen in their fear.
- Children without love from families grew up having a harder time making social connections and mating.
- Studies done of children taken into a room with their parents, having the parents leave the room for a few minutes, and then return. Children with more loving parents, who are more secure in their bond, are more confident that the parent will not abandon them, are most docile when their parents leave the room. Children who have weaker bonds with parents will more quickly turn to screaming and crying. They do not have a strong underlying connecting so they are quick to lose their inner peace and security.
- This does not extend to only children, Adults have the same basic needs as kids. In our connection, we can feel secure to explore the world, as we have a strong anchor if things go wrong. Partners who are in a more loving relationship, when presented with issues, are more likely to softly bring it up with their partners, or more likely to offer support. If there is a strong connection, one can mention ‘hey, I am not comfortable with x, y, z’. Without the connection, the hypothetical is met with withdrawn attitude and internal conflict.

**Conflict Driven by Fear**

There is a fear or instability in our relationships that can express ourselves in neediness, or putting fault, which can create a negative cycle. This fear is **Primal Panic.** Back to the notion of adults needing connection and being able to rely on someone, primal panic are threats to our emotional connection. 

We test this connection with our partner, and we need our partner to reassure us that the connection is still there. If there have been recent moments of connection, we can reassure our primal fear that things are still secure. But if we cannot? this can come out in a neediness or lashing out at the other person.

If we try to resolve conflicts at a surface level: we end of with arguments 

## Key takeaways

- 

## Quotes

> 
> 

## Summary

-